# AWS cli configuration (see: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html)

You can save your frequently used configuration settings and credentials in files that are maintained by the AWS CLI.

The files are divided into profiles. By default, the AWS CLI uses the settings found in the profile named default. To use alternate settings, you can create and reference additional profiles.

## Where are configuration settings stored?

The AWS CLI stores sensitive credential information that you specify with aws configure in a local file named credentials, in a folder named .aws in your home directory. The less sensitive configuration options that you specify with aws configure are stored in a local file named config, also stored in the .aws folder in your home directory.

Where you find your home directory location varies based on the operating system, but is referred to using the environment variables %UserProfile% in Windows and $HOME or ~ (tilde) in Unix-based systems. You can specify a non-default location for the files by setting the AWS_CONFIG_FILE and AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE environment variables to another local path. See Environment variables to configure the AWS CLI for details.

For example, the files generated by the AWS CLI for a default profile configured with aws configure looks similar to the following.

``~/.aws/credentials``

	[default or ${profile_name}]
 	aws_access_key_id=${access_id}
	aws_secret_access_key=${access_key}

``~/.aws/config``

	[default or ${profile_name}]
	region=us-west-2
	output=json

When you use a shared profile that specifies an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role, the AWS CLI calls the AWS STS AssumeRole operation to retrieve temporary credentials. These credentials are then stored (in ~/.aws/cli/cache). Subsequent AWS CLI commands use the cached temporary credentials until they expire, and at that point the AWS CLI automatically refreshes the credentials.

## Set and view configuration settings

There are several ways to view and set your configuration settings in the files.

Credentials and config file
View and edit your settings by directly editing the config and credentials files in a text editor.

To remove a setting, delete the corresponding setting in your config and credentials files.

``aws configure``

Run this command to quickly set and view your credentials, Region, and output format. The following example shows sample values.

	$ aws configure
	AWS Access Key ID [None]: kdfjkdfj
	AWS Secret Access Key [None]: ndjsdnfdksjnfsd
	Default region name [None]: us-west-2
	Default output format [None]: json

``aws configure set``

You can set any credentials or configuration settings using aws configure set. Specify the profile that you want to view or modify with the --profile setting.

For example, the following command sets the region in the profile named integ.

``$ aws configure set region us-west-2 --profile integ``

To remove a setting, use an empty string as the value, or manually delete the setting in your config and credentials files in a text editor.

``$ aws configure set cli_pager "" --profile integ``
